This portal is a brainchild of a team of five of us who got along to explore the world of java but little did we know the ride we were in for! Somewhere along the way we were made to realize that a true engineer is not who knows something inside-out but rather uses it to some practical objective. Our instructor in his not-so-subtle way made us realize the duties that we as an educated programmers had towards the society and suggested this topic. So, to kill two birds in one stone we created this website! This website was envisioned after it was realized that vaccination, even being the integral factor in shaping up and determining how the future generation will be(i.e. as a healthy workforce that drives the country and in many ways the world or as a disease ridden society which would inhibit us from using our complete human resources) is severely undermined and not given enough importance which it demands. To face it’s challenges head-on necessitated that such a one stop portal be created for parents to use to keep their precious as safe and healthy as the medical science allowed. We realized that in this fast-paced world it was a need to cater to parents who for some reason couldn’t keep up with the schedule for immunization due to work or other unfortunate reasons and to provide them a portal to set up friendly reminders or progress report for their vaccination schedule with the use for each vaccine, why it’s important, how it helps your baby, outcomes if your child is not vaccinated with this particular vaccine. This website was developed keeping in mind a few fraction of skeptical parents who delay or stop altogether the vaccination process which have shown in many studies that it’s detrimental to the process thus decreasing the effectiveness. To address all these problems and many more like telling which is the nearest place to get the shots because many times we are at a loss to which place to get vaccinated if you’re new to locality this website was created.
